you guys so in this video I'm going to
be telling you my first impressions on
the jamaican black castor oil same
moister leave-in conditioner i bought
this product the other day and it was
actually on selling my local hair shop
which is quite rare because here in the
UK we've been waiting to get this
product in for such a long time because
i know it came out in America a few
months ago I finally was able to get a
hold of it and I've got the leave-in
conditioner instead of the other
products are I'll probably pick them up
later on but I leave in conditioner is
like the most important product for me
to buy so I picked this up and it was
only $11.99 first impressions it comes
in a really big tub which is great it's
quite big I prefer a tub because if you
have a bottle like squeezing it
sometimes I found with the Cowen style
milk the bottle wasn't it didn't get out
as much conditioner as I wanted to and
it was just extra wet with a tub you can
just dip your fingers into it and get
not a dime sized to make but a handful
in my case smell it reminds me of like a
Christmassy kind of snow so it's very
warm and vanilla renoise banana like
which is strange because it says it has
peppermint and I can't really smell the
peppermint to be honest so if you don't
like the smell of peppermint don't be
put off when I just have it in my hair
yesterday a few people did say wow
what's that to know about your hair
smells really nice so I guess it's a
good smell to others so this product
includes organic shea butter as all shea
moisture products do jamaican black
castor oil which is really great to
promote hair growth and peppermint which
also stimulates the scalp and is good
for hair growth as well so this line is
meant to strengthen grow and restore the
leave-in conditioner is really light
very watery
you can see it just glides onto the hair
nicely it did give me great definition I
did I was a bit heavy-handed with it so
my hair did get a bit crunchy but it did
when I fluffed it out it softened up a
bit more so I won't use as much next
time it's really easy to sectional hair
with and finger detangle I haven't used
it long enough to know if it's gonna
really strengthen my hair but first
impressions it's worked well it kind of
reminds me of an old product I used to
use which was the blue magic argan oil
and it also came in a table like this it
was a bit more water me but it didn't
include all natural ingredients that's
like an alternative cheaper version so
far like in it I will keep you updated
with how this process goes using this
product thank you for watching remember
to Like comment subscribe below and let
me know what you think if you've tried
it before both figures well it's hard to
wear hats and beanies
so like the style I'm using now is quite
good